- I'd like to relinguish. - What?
I won't make you feel disappointed for choosing me.
Thank you. I will take good care of it.
Please give me another chance.
Amy.
Today, I come to bid you a farewell.
I think,
I will go and stay at my home in Chiang Mai for a while.
Thank you so much, for always bearing with me.
It's nothing at all to me.
I wish you the best of luck.
Please remember I am always your friend.
Yeah, friend.
I'm sure you will find someone better than me.
Don't regret later, though.
- Thank you very much. - Good luck, Amy.
I hope we will meet again somehow.
You too, Tay.
Love you.
Well, I'll get going now.
Uh, Amy, before you leave,
I think there is another thing you need to do.
You are here in time, chef Poon.
What are you planning, Tay?
Well,
since you have decided to be friends with Tian,
​​I think you owe Poon an apology.
Fine, I'm sorry for not being nice to you earlier.
Well,
I'm sorry too.
What is that pleasant smell?
Oh, it comes from Deep Fried chicken with Honey Sauce,
Spicy Curry Soup with Fish and Termite Mushroom,
and Stir-Fried Beef with chilli.
- What about this one? - Sweet corn fritters.
Steamed Seafood in Curry Paste.
You haven't actually tried chef Poon's food, have you?
No, I haven't.
- Well then, let's eat. - Please.
- Have a seat, Amy. - Thank you.
Amy, I must say
Chef Poon's Deep Fried Chicken is very delicious.
- Here, try it, - Thank you.
Oh, yeah, this one too.
The Stir-Fried Beef with Chilli.
Our restaurant's been packed with customers from the first week.
That's superb, Teng.
You should tell Mayom so
because they come back for his Star Gooseberry Chilli Paste.
Thank you very much, Mayom. If it weren't for you,
Teng and I probably wouldn't have come this far.
My pleasure.
Since I have decided to help out, I have to do my best.
Hey, Tan!
We come to support you,
and congratulations.
You should have told me that you would be in
- so I could reserve a table for you. - It's a suprise.
Hello, Teng Nueng. I'm a big fan of your show, Eat With Teng,
and I'm delighted to meet you here.
Thank you very much.
Hey, how come you didn't mention
- that your partnership is Teng Nueng? - Yeah.
- You should have introduced him to us. - Right.
He is pretty busy, and I don't want to bother him.
You can stay and talk to your friends while I'm preparing things back there.
- Bill, please. - Sure.
Oh, right now, we offer a 10% discount
for customers who take photos and tag our restaurant too.
Sound good, eh?
- Thank you. - Thank you too.
Chef Mayom, my friend wants to work here on Saturdays.
- Is it possible? - Sure, I'll talk to Teng Nueng.
Won't Teng Nueng be in today?
No.
Well,
it just so happen that he has meetings with the sponsors of his show.
Why do you ask anyway?
One of the kitchen staff just told me her friend wants to work on Saturdays.
And I'm looking for more staff,
as we have more customers coming in.
I'll tell Teng for you.
This way, mom.
Alright.
One Fried Mackerel with Shrimp Paste Sauce.
Make it less spicy, and add extra side dishes.
Okay, I'll make it for you.
By the way,
why don't you invite your parents in when Teng Nueng is around?
It isn't your business anyway.
He gave you another chance in the hope that you would make it better.
Yet, you remain unchanged.
Look, You better not stick your nose into our business.
An outsider like you will never understand.
He only wants you to take him as he is.
If you can't do so, you should back off.
And let the person who is ready
and able to do take him.
Mayom.
Don't forget that you are just a chef here,
and you have to focus only on your job.
Taking care of Teng Nueng
is my job, not yours.
Do not cross the line.
Is it ready, the Mackerel with Shrimp Paste I ordered?
I have never understood what I am to you.
Finally, you are back.
I have been waiting for you.
Is there anything urgent?
Today's sale is excellent and
is better than every day,
especially the menu you have set up.
Are you tired? Sit down first.
I know you work very hard.
Thank you for dedicating yourself
to our future.
Come, sit down.
One of our customers forgot it,
so I kept it for now.
Have you ever heard of the phrase
about a book's ending
that will never change,
no matter how many times you read it?
It sounds like our relationship.
We have talked this through,
haven't we?
We can always reconcile
because I have been trying
to live with it,
but I have never understood
what I am to you.
I don't know any of your friends
and never get to meet your parents.
I already told you
that making people understand
our relationship isn't easy,
and I need more time.
Isn't five years long enough?
What did your parents say today?
Did they like the food?
Did they like our restaurant?
How did you know?
It isn't wrong to invite them
to our restaurant.
But can you not pretend I don't exist?
We have been together for five years,
yet I don't get to be beside you.
I'm sorry.
Let's start it over again.
No, Tan. I can't take it anymore.
I'm tired.
Don't you love me anymore?
Is it because of that Mayom guy?
There is nothing to do with him.
We have to break up eventually.
Admit it, things aren't working out
between us,
and it isn't because of anyone else.
Didn't you say to give me a chance?
I have given you many chances,
but you screwed them up every time.
Thank you for everything.
But I think...
it's time to call it quits.
Hey, we almost run out of vegetables.
Has anyone ordered them yet?
It was Mayom's job,
but I don't know who's in charge now.
Why is the floor still sticky?
Who cleaned it?
Whoever did it a sloppy job like this
would be in trouble
if Mayom were here.
And why is it so dirty?
What will we do if customers
get diarrhea from food?
The cleaning is always perfunctory
when there is no one in charge.
I have to report about this.
Hey, we almost run out of meats too.
Go check the inventory first!
So can you tell me now who's in charge
of ordering ingredients?
That's right.
Who is the responsible person anyway?
It's you, Ping.
It's you, Pong.
No, it's Pan.
It's you alone.
This isn't good.
Someone has to take charge,
or everything remains messy.
We aew in trouble!
A customer is suffering from
food poisoning now.
- I knew it!
- I'm doomed.
- Let's go check out!
- Let's go.
What if it gets worse?
How are you going to be responsible?
I do apologize for what happened
to your wife.
- I will look into it personally.
- Doomed. We are doomed.
If Mr. Athip handles the case himself,
we are canned for sure.
Are we really going to be fired?
And we probably have to pay
for compensation too.
Where will we get that much money from?
Now, how can I get rid of the bad luck?
Don't worry, everyone,
I know what to do.
According to the hotel's policies,
I have to record the investigation
as evidence.
First of all,
five consecutive food poisoning cases
occurred
in Thai restaurant
within just half a month.
After I looked into it,
I found that kitchen hygiene
is substandard.
the delay in purchasing is due to
mismanagement of remaining stocks
even though the Thai restaurant
has increased sales.
Regarding the matters,
what is your explanation?
It's all because I neglected my duties.
- Poon.
- Poon, you didn't...
Are you admitting it was your fault,
chef Poon?
Yes, I am.
It's all my fault.
I couldn't fulfil my obligations,
and there's nothing to do with others.
So you are going to be responsible
for all the mistakes?
Yes, sir.
So I'll take it as a first-time fault
for which the punishment is
a month of suspension without pay.
Do you have any objection?
No, I don't.
During the suspension,
chef Ping will be responsible for
kitchen hygiene,
and chef Pan will be responsible for
stock checking.
As for chef Pong, you are to
coordinate with the procurement team.
These are your responsibilities
until I can find the new head chef.
Now, the investigation is over.
Everyone can leave
but chef Poon.
Why the hell did you do that?
I should be the one asking,
what more do you want from me?
You ordered a suspension,
and now I'm leaving.
Why did you take all the blame?
You think I didn't know?
What I detest most
is deception.
Okay, I already did it.
Do you have any problems now?
Of course, I have.
You conspired with everyone, right?
Taking all the blame, thinking that
I would diminish the punishment.
Do not accuse me like this.
The reason you risk it
is you know I have feelings for you.
Poon, you really disappointed me.
Don't disdain me for taking advantage
of your feelings
because I didn't.
Are you sure?
Because your actions indicated so.
If it were someone else who confessed,
they would be fired.
Fired?
Go ahead!
Fire me!
Where are you going?
I'm not done talking to you.
But I'm done with you.
Poon!  Poon!
Hey, Ping. Poon is back.
You didn't have to take the blame
for all of us.
We could share the punishment.
That's right, Poon. And now
you are the only one getting punished.
I'm going to tell him the truth.
Pong, don't do that.
Come on, everyone.
It's just one month,
and I'll be returning.
How are you going to make a living
for this month?
Don't worry.
I still have my Papaya Salad stall.
I can make money from it.
Mr. Athip,
chef poon is leaving now.
So what? Do I have to see him off too?
Are you sure to let him go like this?
- You can leave now.
- Alright.
I'm sorry I didn't delegate jobs
to you guys before leaving.
Nah, it's okay. Forget it.
Speaking of which,
you are suffering too, aren't you?
You have to see them together
every day.
Can you really endure that?
I don't know if I can endure it.
Well, you don't have to.
Just come back and be a chef
at the hotel.
I can't.
Because...
I'm still worried about him.
I feel you, man.
You understand it, right?
Sometimes I really want to get over him
and leave,
but I just can't do so.
Poon!
Do you feel better now?
Relax. You will be with Athip again
before you even know it.
Listen to your brother.
He sounds like a relationship expert.
Oh, please don't tell me
you have started hitting on Baifern.
Have you?
I can't even take care of myself
these days.
How can I take care of others?
He got a job offer as a chef
elsewhere already.
Kao, leave now, or you will be late.
There is only one exam left,
and the professor will announce
internship places for everyone.
I hope it will be in Bangkok.
Well,
I can go upcountry.
It sounds fun anyway.
- I'll be leaving then. See you.
- Okay, see you.
Have a good day.
Eh, you are...
I'm Pipob.
We met at What Zabb Man
cooking competition.
I remember you.
I heard that you have reopened
your Papaya Salad stall.
- It was just a few days ago.
- Word of mouth
always helps promote delicious food.
I'm really sorry that I disdained
your food earlier.
I'll cut to the chase.
You mentioned selling Papaya Salad
in my restaurant.
- Are you still interested in doing so?
- Of course.
Uh...
Shall we refer to the original offers?
Our wage can be deducted from the rent,
or calculated from total sales volume.
I don't mind the daily flat fee too,
- or maybe...
- Kao, off you go.
- No, Poon. I have to...
- Go. I'll handle it myself.
Go, now.
- Go.
- Alright, see you then.
What makes you come out of nowhere
and ask me to join you?
Let's think about this,
we are selling food in the same area
so instead of competing,
wouldn't it be better to join forces?
What do you say if we are to try
for a month, maybe?
- I'm in.
- Great.
I hope our cooperation
- is going well.
- I hope so too.
Mr. Athip, the chefs want to
make a confession, no,
they want to see you.
So what actually happened?
Be honest with me.
Here's the thing, boss.
- And that's about it.
- That's right.
So you guys didn't plan
to make Poon take all the blame.
- Pong will suffer from diarrhea
- Eh?
if I lie to you.
On the honour of the boy scouts,
if I lie to you,
- Pan will die from constipation.
- Hey!
It means we are telling you the truth.
Poon only wanted to help us,
but we think it's better this way.
I thought that...
- Kao.
- Jesus!
Mr. Athip! You frightened me!
I thought you were a thief.
I'm here to see Poon.
He isn't here, though.
So where is he?
Poon!
- Poon!
- Uh, Mr. Athip.
Please relax uh,
you probably know that
he already got a job offer as a chef.
Are you looking for a toilet?
Well, you have to take the left turn
back there.
Hey, what are you doing here?
- Come with me now.
- Let go off me.
Hey.
I don't know who you are
and what problems you have with Poon,
but you can't do this to him.
Tell him about us,
or I'll do it myself.
Go ahead because I don't even know
what we are.
- He is my boyfriend. Now, step aside.
- Eh? What?
- Hey!
- Uh, I'm sorry, chef.
I will explain everything later.
I'm really sorry.
Hey!
What's wrong with you?
You chased me away,
and now you want me back?
You did this every time we fight.
Can I ask why?
- What did I do?
- Looking for and new job,
and running away from me.
Last time, you alomost left me
to work for Teng Nueng.
I didn't. It's all in your head.
Have you ever thought of asking me
the reason?
What I saw back there was clear enough.
You are just afraid
I will actually get
a job offer elsewhere.
No,
I'm possessive about you.
I want all of your love and attention.
You asked me
to believe in you.
But you just never believe in me.
You know I have to make a living,
yet you have suspended me from work.
So I have no choice for my own life
but to obey you?
What am I to you, actually?
Poon.
It's my bad.
Please let me live my life.
I can't be with you anymore
if you think I'm meddling
with your life.
Chef Pipob.
I'm really sorry
for what happened yesterday.
So I come here to resign.
Why, Poon?
I sincerely regret
that you will resign,
we just have been working together.
Even though it was a few days,
I have learned a lot from you.
I decided to resign
because I don't want to cause you
any more trouble.
Since you have decided,
I don't think I can hold you back.
What are you going to do next?
Maybe selling Papaya Salad as before.
Okay.
This way please.
- All right.
- Walk carefully.
Okay.
- Umm
- Uh, Poon.
Juang wants to eat Papaya Salad,
but we haven't set up the stall.
So I invite her to wait here.
I really want to eat your Papaya Salad.
Can you make me one with salted crab,
fermented fish, and vermicelli?
Sure, I'll make it super spicy
- as you prefer.
- Excellent!
By the way, can you deduct
the papaya salad cost from the rent?
Eh, what are you talking about?
Nonsense.
See? This place is in a golden location
and bustling with people.
Of course, they come here for
Poon's Papaya Salad.
The area would be like a ghost town
if it weren't for him.
His Papaya Salad has nothing to do
with it.
You always talk nonsense.
Let's have a look on the second floor.
- Yeah, feel free to.
- I must say,
the structure is still
in good condition.
It's very spacious.
You can even use it as a warehouse.
Come on, I'll show you.
Poon, it doesn't feel right seeing her
show the guy around like this.
I'm sure,
you are overthinking.
There is nothing to worry about.
Besides, we have been renting the house
for a long time.
But we also didn't pay her
the total rent on time.
I'm sure a stingy like her
wouldn't want tenants like us.
Come on, don't worry too much.
Your partner hasn't shown up again?
If he doesn't care for the restaurant,
at least he should care about you.
You may get sick from overworking
every day.
Tankhun, he...
- probably won't be in anymore.
- Again?
He hurted you again, right?
- No.
- I'll teach him a lesson.
How dare he play with
people's feelings?
Mayom, calm down.
Can you please listen to me?
Quit putting up with him, I beg you.
- I quit.
- Good.
Eh? What?
I broke up with him.
I really did.
Teng.
I won't break up with you.
I will do anything
to bring us back together.
And I will make sure
you never be able to do that.
I intend to stop renting out the house.
Jesus, Juan!
You frightened me coming in like this.
Well, I want to talk to you.
What is it? The rent isn't due, is it?
Here's the thing, someone wants to open a minimart,
And after I checked the entire area,
there is no other suitable place than this house.
- What do you mean? - Hey, Poon.
Have you got what you need? Customers are waiting.
Okay, I will get straight to the point.
I intend to stop renting out the house,
so I will give you, uh,
ten days to move out.
I will offer a 30 per cent discount on this month's rent too.
Wait, you can't just kick us out like this.
We don't have any place to stay, not to mention the Papaya Salad stall.
You know what? That's your problem.
I have already sold the house and received the payment.
Most importantly, you have never paid the rent on time.
And that annoys me, so goodbye.
Wait, where are you going? Don't leave just yet.
Tell me what's going on?
Juan!
This is bad. She really did it.
What should we do? We only have ten days
before becoming homeless.
I can't think of anything.
Hey, Poon. Poon. Hey, hey, hey, give it to me.
I'll hold it for you.
Are you alright? Have a seat first.
Slowly, brother. Now, sit down.
I believe there must be a way out.
Or we should find a new rental house.
But we need a lot of money to pay for both the rent and deposit
of the new rental house.
I will soon have to leave for an internship upcountry
so there is no one around to help you.
You don't have to worry about that.
I can stay at my friend's place.
How about asking chef Pipob to see
if he can help you?
Maybe you can ask Athip to shorten your suspension period.
Kao,
I don't like to depend on anyone.
Come on, Poon. According to our situation right now,
we don't have much choice.
Chef Poon is here asking to see you.
Make him wait and tell him I'm in the meeting.
Are you sure?
The session will last until evening, how about a quick break of 15 minutes?
Do I look irresponsible?
If he can't wait, tell him to come back another day.
Please let me live my life.
I can't be with you anymore
if you think I'm meddling with your life.
Would you like to compare prices from other suppliers first?
Mr. Athip?
Oh, sorry.
Can you say it again? I can't catch that.
I will inform him that you are still waiting.
Oh, don't bother.
Can you pass this to him for me?
Sure.
Thank you.
I hope we can meet again.
Eh? Why does it sounds like a goodbye?
Don't you want to say hi to the other chefs?
Maybe next time.
- I will pay you guys a visit later. - Alright.
- Where is Poon? - He has left a moment ago.
He had been waiting for four hours.
Right, he left something for you too.
(Resignation Letter)
How long since he had left?
Just only 10 minutes. Maybe you can catch him up.
I'm looking for Poon. Is he here?
How can you be sure that he wants to see you?
He isn't ready for what you have to say.
He won't listen to you even if you want to talk things through with him.
So what should I do to make him open up to me?
Tell me the truth. Since when that you cheat on me?
I didn't have feelings for him.